SD Card Pull-up Options

√ Use a load switch and create a new VDD_1V9_SD rail for the pull-ups to connect to
    This is the most conservative approach and should work, but requires another load switch (and bypass capacitor)

? Can we use ice40's internal pullup?
    ??? Perhaps not because ICE40's pullup will be high while the SD card
        is off, which the spec says isn't OK (""During power down, DAT,
        CMD, and CLK should be disconnected or driven to logical 0")
        
        The current would be very small though, so maybe it'd be OK.
        The only worrisome case is where we need to power-cycle _only_ the SD card. In
        that case, the pullups could in theory keep the card powered through
        the power-cycle. We could still power-cycle by turning off the entire
        VDD_B power domain (ie also turn off the ICE40), but it might be useful
        to be able to turn off just the SD card...
    
    - Is the ice40 internal pullup strong enough?
        - Not sure -- according to the datasheet it's between 58k-333k.
          The SD spec says it should be max 100k :(

X Use diode between 2.8V rail and pullup, to drop voltage down to 1.9V, and then connect pull-up resistor to this diode.
    It's hard to find a diode that will have exactly the right voltage drop across current and temperature

X Can we just not use a pullup at all? Why are they required?
    "The host shall pull-up all DAT0-3 lines by RDAT"

X Can we tie them to VDD_1V9? Or is that not OK when VDD=0?
    - Spec explicitly says the lines need to be 0 when VDD=0
        "During power down, DAT, CMD, and CLK should be disconnected or driven
        to logical 0 by the host to avoid a situation that the operating current is drawn through the signal lines."

X Since the ice40 will always be on before the SD card, can the ice40 just drive the pins high?
    This technique might work, but it's a little concerning to drive the
    lines high in case the card has a low-impedance to ground at some 
    point during power-up.


"During power down, DAT, CMD, and CLK should be disconnected or driven
to logical 0 by the host to avoid a situation that the operating current is drawn through the signal lines."
